Feature/adversary intelligence documentation (#43)
CrowdStrike/Cloud-Azure: adversary-intelligence/README.md

# CrowdStrike Falcon Adversary Intelligence (IOC)

## Technical Data

This data connector imports Falcon IOCs into the Threat Intelligence upload indicators API on Microsoft Sentinel. The data connector is deployed as an Azure Function using an ARM template.

### Data Flow

![image](./media/dataconnector_diagram.png)

> - The function checks if there is an existing "_marker" in the file share. Using the marker, it queries the CrowdStrike Intel endpoint `/intel/combined/indicators/v1` for indicators based on the indicators type provided in the configuration. If there is no marker present, this means that it's the first execution, at which point an date will be used to retrieve the indicators based on the update date. This date is derived by the look back days value provided in the configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The function checks if there is an existing "_marker" in the file share. Using the marker, it queries the CrowdStrike Intel endpoint `/intel/combined/indicators/v1` for indicators based on the indicators type provided in the configuration. If there is no marker present, this means that it's the first execution, at which point a date will be used to retrieve the indicators based on the updated date. This date is derived by the `LookBackDays` value provided in the configuration.
```

| ip_address                | ipv4-addr:value            |
| mutex_name                | mutex:name                 |
| password                  | user-account:credential    |
| file_name                 | file:name                  |
| email_address             | email-addr:value           |
| username                  | user-account:account_login |
| persona_name              | user-account:display_name  |
| ip_address_block          | ipv4-addr:value            |
| coin_address              | x-wallet-addr:value        |
| bitcoin_address           | x-wallet-addr:value        |

- Once all indicators have been mapped, they're uploaded to Sentinel Threat Intelligence using the [Threat Intel upload indicators API](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/sentinel/upload-indicators-api).

### Configuration

The following parameters are required for the ARM template top be deployed.

- FunctionName - A name to be given to the Azure Function App. Default is 'CSFalconIOC'
- CrowdStrikeClientId - The client id of the credentials generated in the CrowdStrike console
- CrowdStrikeClientSecret - The client secret of the credentials generated in the CrowdStrike console

> - CrowdStrikeBaseUrl - The base url of the region in which the CrowdStrike credentials were generated

Reviewer: Not sure if this is something we control or not, but I would stick with our common naming schema:
FalconClientID

Author: Oof. We could, but the process to get that changed could take a while as the integration is already deployed to the marketplace.
